Cases
=====

Your case is your set of contentions that help advance your side of the debate. On a broad level, every case debates a 
resolution (the predetermined statement that's the contention of the debate), argues the status quo right now (the uniqueness),
and how affirming the resolution would change it (the link), and why that change is good or bad (the impact).

.. _resolution:
The Resolution
--------------
The resolution is the statement that is being debated. It is the contention of the debate. Usually, the resolution involves
an agent, for example, "The United States Federal Government," verb indicating the best course of action (usually "should" or "ought"),
and a course of action, for example, "increase its diplomatic efforts to peacefully resolve internal armed conflicts in West Asia".
This statement comes together to form the resolution: "The United States Federal Government should increase 
its diplomatic efforts to peacefully resolve internal armed conflicts in West Asia." (This was the January 2023 Public Forum resolution.)

This is the main type of resolution. Other forms of resolutions exist, such as non-fiat, which instead of asking to argue whether implementing
the resolution would affect the status quo for the better or worse, asks about the benefits of an existing policy or action. For example, 
"In the United States, Right To Work Laws do more harm than good." (This was the February 2023 Public Forum resolution.)

Uniqueness
----------
The uniqueness is the status quo. For example if you're arguing AFF, your uniqueness may consist of several pieces of evidence that show that the status quo
is bad. For example, if you're arguing that the United States should increase its diplomatic efforts to peacefully resolve internal armed conflicts in West Asia,
your uniqueness may say "War is currently breaking out in West Asia."

Link
----
The link is the connection between the uniqueness and the resolution. Goign with the previous example, your link might say "If the US intervenes, it would be able to advance power-sharing."

Impact
------
The impact is the reason why the link is good or bad. For example, your impact might say "Power-sharing is good because it would prevent the outbreak of war, and war is bad because it kills millions of people."
